Uncle and aunt, I have to leave beforehand.
Thank you. The road is different here.
Damn it, Mom, if I’m willing to support my family, I won’t buy anything.
Stop wasting money.
Mom, you have raised me so big,
You guys deserve it after you work so hard.
That way, we can feel relieved.
I'm right, my dad,
It's delicious to sit down and let him,
I’ll cook this specialty dish for you. I’ll go right away,
Anfa, you want mom, have a good rest,
I'll go and give it to you.
Mom, I will give you a hand. Mom, I will give you a hand. I will give you a hand. I will give you a hand. I will give you a hand. I will give you a hand. I will give you a hand. I will give you a hand. One hand, I will give you a hand, I will give you a hand, I will give you a hand, I will give you a hand
Should I sign up too?
When were those things prepared?
It also has the official meaning of real estate.
You are my wife now
I'm going to give you a sense of security
My everything is my wife
The kind of person you are today
Our mother may be particularly fond of you now, you say